{AzureSubscription} fixes Azure/azure-powershell#20812 fix the workload parameter (#20842)
Azure/azure-powershell: src/Subscription/Subscription/ChangeLog.md

        - Additional information about change #1
-->
## Upcoming Release

> * Fix for the `New-AzSubscriptionAlias` cmdlet to make the Workload parameter mandatory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed `New-AzSubscriptionAlias` cmdlet to make the Workload parameter mandatory.
```

-->
## Upcoming Release

> 
> ## Version 0.8.2
> * Fix for the `New-AzSubscriptionAlias` cmdlet to make the Workload parameter mandatory.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix for the `New-AzSubscriptionAlias` cmdlet to make the Workload parameter mandatory.

```
